recipe detail footer  customization (#23)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/android/features/_shared/_custom-views/recipeDetail/RecipeDetailFooter.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

### footer

> To create your own recipe detail footer template you have to create class that implement `RecipeDetailSuccessFooter`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create your own recipe detail footer template you create a class that implements `RecipeDetailSuccessFooter`
```
